In emerging markets, young professionals demand trustworthy financial services that can digitally enable them to achieve their financial goals in less time. To capture this market segment, two growth strategies can be proposed. The first strategy is to drive growth through partnerships. The second strategy is to establish a system of digital onboarding and effective communication. 

Umba can establish strategic media and retail partnerships in order to increase brand awareness and credibility among young professionals. To achieve media partnerships, Umba must utilize earned media by collaborating with trending financial bloggings sites, financial magazines and digests. Through these platforms, Umba can sponsor and create content about financial literacy with a focus on how Umba’s services can help busy professionals achieve monetary goals. To achieve retail partnerships, Umba must collaborate with retailers that are popular among young professionals in emerging economies. These partnerships can be aimed at promoting hassle-free bill payments that customers can digitally make at their go-to retailers through Umba. Hence, by choosing trustworthy channels to promote product features, this strategy will elevate the value and credibility of Umba’s products, persuading the readership to download Umba's app.

To activate users within the first 90 days of the new customer relationships, Umba must establish a clear onboarding process and an engaging communication system. It is important to consider that young white collar workers are often busy at work and they hardly have time to physically visit a bank or call customer service to get financial advice, configure their digital account or even troubleshoot the app. To capture this segment, Umba should create an in-app onboarding flow that is short, user-friendly and action oriented. It should be designed in such a way that users can quickly grasp the use and functionality of relevant features. This onboarding process should extend to regular messaging that can remind users of their pending payments or even increase their awareness about the benefits of unused features. To convince the customers to use a given feature, this message should be written in a consumer-friendly language, not in a heavy technical jargon meant for financial gurus. This messaging can also persuade the users to refer the app to family and friends to facilitate customers' money transfer and lending with people they know. 

Umba should track users' monthly activity, their usage of key features and their response to these growth strategies in order to track the defined acquisition goals, develop alternate strategies when required and identify new goals and action items. 
